#summary Beschreibung der verschiedenen Einstellungen
<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />

= Globale Einstellungen =
Die globalen Einstellungen sind sowohl über das Enigma2-Hauptmenu von PVMC, als auch über das [WebIF Web-Interface] ("Home" => "Options" => "Global Settings") erreichbar. Hierüber kann man - neben vielen weiteren Möglichkeiten - z.B. das Startverhalten von PVMC konfigurieren, sowie andere Skinds auswählen - oder die Art und Weise, wie PVMC nach Updates such soll, festlegen.

Die nachfolgenden Kapitel beschreiben die verschiedenen Optionen, sowie die zugehörigen möglichen Werte und - sofern sinnvoll / bekannt - die *default Werte*. Außerdem ist bei vielen Optionen angegeben, unter welchem Schlüssel die ausgewählten Werte in der Enigma2 settings Datei (`/etc/enigma2/settings`) abgelegt werden.

*Hinweis*<br>
Die Enigma2 settings Datei sollte nicht bei laufendem Enigma2 editiert werden, da die geänderten Werte sonst beim Beenden von Enigma2 wieder mit den ursprünglichen Werten überschrieben werden!
<br>

TODO

=== Show wizard on next start ===
{"yes", *"no"*}<br>
`config.plugins.pvmc.showwizard`

Configures whether the PVMC installation wizard is displayed after start-up.<br>
<br>
=== Start Valerie on e2 start ===
{*"yes"*, "no"}<br>
`config.plugins.pvmc.autostart`

Allow for the automatic start-up of PVMC if Enigma2 is started. In that case you will see PVMC main menu instead of the TV picture after reboot of your box.<br>
<br>
=== Check for updates on Valerie start ===
{*"yes"*, "no"}<br>
`config.plugins.pvmc.checkforupdate`

Determines whether PVMC shall check for updates right after start-up. If so a message box is displayed for 120 sec. asking whether the new version shall be downloaded and installed or not.<br>
Please note: since an Enigma2 restart is required after a new version has been installed the default for the message box is "no" in order to not disturb use-cases where an automatic start-up of your box is needed.<br>
<br>
=== Backdrop quality ===
{*"High"*, "Low"}<br>
`config.plugins.pvmc.backdropquality`

Defines the quality of the backdrops used in both movie and TV shows list.<br>
<br>
=== Skin ===
{*"default"*, "blackSwan", "greySkies"}

Select the skin used by PVMC.<br>
<br>
=== On Power press ===
{*"!DeepStandby"*, "Standby"}<br>
`config.plugins.pvmc.onpowerpress`

Configures how your box shall behave if you click the Power button.<br>
<br>
=== Show Movie and TVShow in main menu ===
{"yes", *"no"*}<br>
`config.plugins.pvmc.showmovieandtvinmainmenu`

Determines whether the entries for "Movies" and "Tv Shows" shall be displayed in PVMCs main menu.<br>
<br>
=== Synchronize: Fast Sync on autostart ===
{*"yes"*, "no"}

This option configures, whether an automatic "fast sync" run shall be performed after PVMC starts-up.<br>
<br>
=== myEpisodes: Eingeschaltet ===
{"yes", *"no"*}

Switch on / off usage of "myEpisodes" TV shows tracking functionality.<br>
<br>
=== myEpisodes: Benutzername ===
{*"username"*}

Specify the myEpisodes username to be used when tracking your TV shows.<br>
<br>
=== myEpisodes: Passwort ===
{*"password"*}

Specify the myEpisodes password to be used when tracking your TV shows.<br>
<br>
=== Webinterface: Port ===
{*08888*}

The port to be used by the [WebIF Web-Interface].<br>
<br>
=== Use Trakt.tv ===
{"yes", *"no"*}

Switch on / off usage of "Trakt.tv" movies tracking functionality.<br>
<br>
=== Trakt.tv - Username ===
{*"username"*}

Specify the "Trakt.tv" username to be used when tracking your movies.<br>
<br>
=== Trakt.tv - Password ===
{*"password"*}

Specify the "Trakt.tv" password to be used when tracking your movies.<br>
<br>
=== !SubtitleDownloader: Provider ===
{*"Opensubtitles"*, "Bierdopje", "Napiprojekt", "Ondertitel", "Sratim", "Subdivx", "Swesub", "Titlovi", "Undertexter"}

Specify the subtitle provider to be used by PVMCs subtitle download functionality. Find out more about PVMC subtitle functionality by checking the corresponding [subtitles wiki page].<br>
<br> 
=== !SubtitleDownloader: Language 1 ===
{}

Find out more about PVMC subtitle functionality by checking the corresponding [subtitles wiki page].<br>
<br>
=== !SubtitleDownloader: Language 2 ===
{}

Find out more about PVMC subtitle functionality by checking the corresponding [subtitles wiki page].<br>
<br>
=== !SubtitleDownloader: Language 3 ===
{}

Find out more about PVMC subtitle functionality by checking the corresponding [subtitles wiki page].<br>
<br>
=== {EXPERT} Valerie Config folder (Database, ...) ===
{*/hdd/valerie/*}<br>
`config.plugins.pvmc.configfolderpath`

Option to specify the folder where PVMC shall store its configuration and database files.<br>
<br>
=== {EXPERT} Valerie media folder (Poster, Backdrops) ===
{*/hdd/valerie/media*}<br>
`config.plugins.pvmc.mediafolderpath`

Option to specify the folder where PVMC shall store the media files.<br>
<br>
=== {EXPERT} Valerie tmp folder (Logs, Cache) ===
{*/tmp/valerie*}<br>
`config.plugins.pvmc.tmpfolderpath`

Option to specify the folder where PVMC shall store its temporary files.<br>
<br>

= Synchronisations Einstellungen =
TODO


= Screenshots =
Es gibt unterschiedliche Konfigurationsmöglichkeiten. Zum einen kann über die Einstellungen (aus dem Haupmenü erreichbar) das Startverhalten von Valerie, sowie das Aussehen und Einstellungen zu Diensten vorgenommen werden.<br>
== Globale Einstellungen ==
http://project-valerie.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/settings_small.png<br>
http://project-valerie.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/settings2_small.png<br><br>

== Synchronisations Einstellungen ==
Zum anderen kann über die Einstellungen aus dem Sync-Bereich der / die Ordnerpfade, die Suchsprache und die Datenbank bearbeitet werden.<br>
http://project-valerie.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/sync_options_small.png<br>
http://project-valerie.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/sync_options2_small.png<br>
<br>
