#summary Description of PVMC settings.

= Main-Settings =
The main settings are accessible from the main menu and allow for the configuration of PVMC start-up behavior, skin-selection, auto-update functionality and many more. The following chapters describe the different settings together with their possible values. Default values are displayed *bold*.<br>
<br>
=== Show wizard on next start ===
{"yes", *"no"*}<br>
Configures whether the PVMC installation wizard is displayed after start-up.<br>
<br>
=== Start Valerie on e2 start ===
{*"yes"*, "no"}<br>
Allow for the automatic start-up of PVMC if Enigma2 is started. In that case you will see PVMC main menu instead of the TV picture after reboot of your box.<br>
<br>
=== Check for updates on Valerie start ===
{*"yes"*, "no"}<br>
Determines whether PVMC shall check for updates right after start-up. If so a message box is displayed for 120 sec. asking whether the new version shall be downloaded and installed or not.<br>
Please note: since an Enigma2 restart is required after a new version has been installed the default for the message box is "no" in order to not disturb use-cases where an automatic start-up of your box is needed.<br>
<br>
=== Backdrop quality ===
{*"High"*, "Low"}<br>
Defines the quality of the backdrops used in both movie and TV shows list.<br>
<br>
=== Skin ===
{*"default"*, "blackSwan", "greySkies"}<br>
Select the skin used by PVMC.<br>
<br>
=== On Power press ===
{*"DeepStandby"*, "Standby"}<br>
Configures how your box shall behave if you click the Power button.<br>
<br>
=== Show Movie and TVShow in main menu ===
{"yes", *"no"*}<br>
Determines whether the entries for "Movies" and "Tv Shows" shall be displayed in PVMCs main menu.<br>
<br>
=== Synchronize: Fast Sync on autostart ===
{*"yes"*, "no"}<br>
This option configures, whether an automatic "fast sync" run shall be performed after PVMC starts-up.<br>
<br>
=== myEpisodes: Eingeschaltet ===
{"yes", *"no"*]<br>
Switch on / off usage of "myEpisodes" TV shows tracking functionality.<br>
<br>
=== myEpisodes: Benutzername ===
{*"username"*}<br>
Specify the myEpisodes username to be used when tracking your TV shows.<br>
<br>
=== myEpisodes: Passwort ===
{*"password"*}<br>
Specify the myEpisodes password to be used when tracking your TV shows.<br>
<br>
=== Webinterface: Port ===
{08888}<br>
The port to be used by the [WebIF Web-Interface].<br>
<br>
=== Use Trakt.tv ===
{"yes", *"no"*]<br>
Switch on / off usage of "Trakt.tv" movies tracking functionality.<br>
<br>
=== Trakt.tv - Username ===
{*"username"*}<br>
Specify the "Trakt.tv" username to be used when tracking your movies.<br>
<br>
=== Trakt.tv - Password ===
{*"password"*}<br>
Specify the "Trakt.tv" password to be used when tracking your movies.<br>
<br>
=== !SubtitleDownloader: Provider ===
{*"Opensubtitles"*, "Bierdopje", "Napiprojekt", "Ondertitel", "Sratim", "Subdivx", "Swesub", "Titlovi", "Undertexter"}<br>
Specify the subtitle provider to be used by PVMCs subtitle download functionality. Find out more about PVMC subtitle functionality by checking the corresponding [subtitles wiki page].<br>
<br> 
=== !SubtitleDownloader: Language 1 ===
{}<br>
Find out more about PVMC subtitle functionality by checking the corresponding [subtitles wiki page].<br>
<br>
=== !SubtitleDownloader: Language 2 ===
{}<br>
Find out more about PVMC subtitle functionality by checking the corresponding [subtitles wiki page].<br>
<br>
=== !SubtitleDownloader: Language 3 ===
{}<br>
Find out more about PVMC subtitle functionality by checking the corresponding [subtitles wiki page].<br>
<br>
=== {EXPERT} Valerie Config folder (Database, ...) ===
Option to specify the folder where PVMC shall store its configuration and database files.<br>
<br>
=== {EXPERT} Valerie media folder (Poster, Backdrops) ===
Option to specify the folder where PVMC shall store the media files.<br>
<br>
=== {EXPERT} Valerie tmp folder (Logs, Cache) ===
Option to specify the folder where PVMC shall store its temporary files.<br>
<br>
= Synchronization-Settings =
TODO

= Screenshots =
== Main settings ==
The screenshots below show the main settings screens of PVMC:<br>
http://project-valerie.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/settings_small.png<br>
http://project-valerie.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/settings2_small.png<br><br>
== Synchronization Settings ==
The screenshots below show the synchronization settings screens of PVMC:<br>
http://project-valerie.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/sync_options_small.png<br>
http://project-valerie.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/images/sync_options2_small.png<br>
<br><br>